docs/en/getting-started/quick-start.md, before:

# Quick Start

# commands commonly used for local dev
```bash
npm run dev # dev back-end or docs
yarn serve # dev front-end
```


# Overview

## Basic Concepts
> First of all, you need to know about the related ecology of Node. js and the installation of Node. js.
> We will take a minute to introduce the basic concepts. By default, you know the basic operations of Linux and Git.
> You can read the [Basic installation Requirements](https://strapi.io/documentation/3.0.0-beta.x/getting-started/install-requirements.html#basic-installation-requirements)

## Build With(current version)
Vue.js: Front-end framework<br />Strapi.js: Open source Node.js Headless CMS to easily build customisable APIs<br />Sqlite: Database

## Cases you may meet in local development

> suitable for whose who are a little careless, who have only read half of the documents

1. API `403 Forbidden`, the solution: [# _2-Caution] (#_ 2-Caution)

2. The `preview page shows blank` in the dialog, the solution : [2. Rendering engine required for building preview] (# _2-Rendering engine required for building preview)


# Setup

1. the API is powered by strapi.js

## Setup backend

### 1. quick start
```bash
# by default, the current path is the root path for luban-h5
cd back-end/h5-api
# use yarn (⚠️not npm) install dependencies
# reference: https://github.com/ly525/luban-h5/issues/92
yarn install # install dependencies

yarn dev # dev
# additional notes: run `yarn localdev` if you want to debug it in vscode

#!en: default database is sqlite3(db location: h5-api/.tmp/data.db)

# visit http://locahost:1337/admin

Please read on to config the strapi admin
```

### 2. Something important

1. `403 Forbidden` ：Please follow the instructions to config the API can be publicly accessible: `[Roles And Permission] -> [Public] - [Permissions]` 

![1567438464273-e0892ee2-5dca-45ec-a528-8090d80b23bd](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12668546/65381949-32addd00-dd2e-11e9-967a-e313dc6fca89.png)

![1567438463824-d6b87f12-eecf-4ae2-aa9c-bb4c73c4127d](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12668546/65381950-32addd00-dd2e-11e9-859a-dbec0941dc5a.png)


##### Used for upload work cover
![1567858269172-44561808-5d49-43b5-89c1-f4f876eeec24](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12668546/65381948-32154680-dd2e-11e9-95ea-589f808ce095.png)

2. `ctx.render is not a function` <br />solution:`Setup backend/quick start/strap-hook-ejs` 

<br />
```javascript
error TypeError: ctx.render is not a function
  at previewOne (~/luban-h5/back-end/h5-api/api/work/controllers/Work.js:13:16)
```


## setup front-end

### 1. quick start
```bash
# by default, the current path is the root path of luban-h5
cd front-end/h5

yarn # install dependencies
yarn serve # develop

# more commands
# please refer to project/front-end/h5/package.json
```

### 2. build preview engine

#### Basic
[luban-h5/back-end/h5-api/api/work/controllers/Work.js/previewOne](https://github.com/ly525/luban-h5/blob/bd486ce16fc24bfd7030fc51857a579776e12e68/back-end/h5-api/api/work/controllers/Work.js#L12)


```js
previewOne: async (ctx) => {
  const work = await strapi.services.work.findOne(ctx.params);
  return ctx.render('engine', { work });
},
```

#### How to build preview engine
1. cd `front-end/h5`, run `yarn engine:build`
2. after build finished, an folder named `engine-assets`  is auto generated at `back-end/h5-api/public`
3. `preview.vue` is preview modal, the mobile div is an iframe which a wrapper for builded `engine-entry`, learn more about engine here: `luban-h5/front-end/h5/vue.config.js`


### 3. explanation for front-end components

1. `lbp-`
> `lu-ban-plugin: plugins for luban-h5`：location: `front-end/h5/src/components/plugins`

Commit message:

docs(quick-start): add quick start for users familiar with node tech stack

docs/en/getting-started/quick-start.md, after:

# Quick Start


> if you are familiar with `Node`, `Yarn`(and already installed), please follow the commands to start quickly:

> if you are not familiar with the tech stack, please read the following detailed tutorial

```bash
cd back-end/h5-api && yarn && yarn dev

# open a new terminal and goto the project root path

cd front-end/h5 && yarn && yarn engine:build && yarn dev
```

# Overview

## Basic Concepts
> First of all, you need to know about the related ecology of Node. js and the installation of Node. js.
> We will take a minute to introduce the basic concepts. By default, you know the basic operations of Linux and Git.
> You can read the [Basic installation Requirements](https://strapi.io/documentation/3.0.0-beta.x/getting-started/install-requirements.html#basic-installation-requirements)

## Build With(current version)
Vue.js: Front-end framework<br />Strapi.js: Open source Node.js Headless CMS to easily build customisable APIs<br />Sqlite: Database

## Cases you may meet in local development

> suitable for whose who are a little careless, who have only read half of the documents

1. API `403 Forbidden`, the solution: [# _2-Caution] (#_ 2-Caution)

2. The `preview page shows blank` in the dialog, the solution : [2. Rendering engine required for building preview] (# _2-Rendering engine required for building preview)


# Setup

1. the API is powered by strapi.js

## Setup backend

### 1. quick start
```bash
# by default, the current path is the root path for luban-h5
cd back-end/h5-api
# use yarn (⚠️not npm) install dependencies
# reference: https://github.com/ly525/luban-h5/issues/92
yarn install # install dependencies

yarn dev # dev
# additional notes: run `yarn localdev` if you want to debug it in vscode

#!en: default database is sqlite3(db location: h5-api/.tmp/data.db)

# visit http://locahost:1337/admin

Please read on to config the strapi admin
```

### 2. Something important

1. `403 Forbidden` ：Please follow the instructions to config the API can be publicly accessible: `[Roles And Permission] -> [Public] - [Permissions]` 

![1567438464273-e0892ee2-5dca-45ec-a528-8090d80b23bd](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12668546/65381949-32addd00-dd2e-11e9-967a-e313dc6fca89.png)

![1567438463824-d6b87f12-eecf-4ae2-aa9c-bb4c73c4127d](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12668546/65381950-32addd00-dd2e-11e9-859a-dbec0941dc5a.png)


##### Used for upload work cover
![1567858269172-44561808-5d49-43b5-89c1-f4f876eeec24](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12668546/65381948-32154680-dd2e-11e9-95ea-589f808ce095.png)

2. `ctx.render is not a function` <br />solution:`Setup backend/quick start/strap-hook-ejs` 

<br />
```javascript
error TypeError: ctx.render is not a function
  at previewOne (~/luban-h5/back-end/h5-api/api/work/controllers/Work.js:13:16)
```


## setup front-end

### 1. quick start
```bash
# by default, the current path is the root path of luban-h5
cd front-end/h5 && yarn && yarn engine:build && yarn dev

# more commands
# please refer to project/front-end/h5/package.json
```

### 2. build preview engine

#### Basic
[luban-h5/back-end/h5-api/api/work/controllers/Work.js/previewOne](https://github.com/ly525/luban-h5/blob/bd486ce16fc24bfd7030fc51857a579776e12e68/back-end/h5-api/api/work/controllers/Work.js#L12)


```js
previewOne: async (ctx) => {
  const work = await strapi.services.work.findOne(ctx.params);
  return ctx.render('engine', { work });
},
```

#### How to build preview engine
1. cd `front-end/h5`, run `yarn engine:build`
2. after build finished, an folder named `engine-assets`  is auto generated at `back-end/h5-api/public`
3. `preview.vue` is preview modal, the mobile div is an iframe which a wrapper for builded `engine-entry`, learn more about engine here: `luban-h5/front-end/h5/vue.config.js`


### 3. explanation for front-end components

1. `lbp-`
> `lu-ban-plugin: plugins for luban-h5`：location: `front-end/h5/src/components/plugins`
